# DSDN242-P1-Website
24/2/2026
I created a brainstorm for what my website was to look like, what about me I wanted to incorporate, what type of website I wanted to make. I landed on the themes of creativity, retro asthetic, scenery, nerd-core and tech. 
I then created a sketch mockup website where the different pages on it would be swapped between choosing a disk to insert into a console to change what is displayed on a screen.

26/2/2026
I created the simple bones of what would become this website during class. In the middle of the screen there was a window that changed when selecting the different options on the menu list. 

2/3/2026
I decided that the scope of that idea was too extreme as the purpose of this website is to represent me as a designer in a professional context and having a website too experimental and artsy will scare away employers. So I reverted the files back to the original template from Nuku and generated simple portfolio website. I then iterated slowly by refining and changing different elements to suit my needs, I changed the colors to match my favorite photo I have taken and put it behind the website with a gaussian blur overtop of it. 

4/3/2026
Looking at the website I thought that it looked a little too corporate, so I wanted to make the website more personalized to me, I started by adding all of the information that the LLM left placeholders for written by me, and filling in the photos as well. I also created a new logo made out of my own signature that I replaced the placeholder for at the top of the page. I am slowly getting more happy with the state of the website although there is quite more work ahead of me to do.

10/3/2026
I generated a template website for a page for the individual projects. Then, because the contact form didnt work due to not having a plugin. I just made it into a page that links to my email and socials. The first page that the LLM generated was a little too basic,

12/3/2026
I picked up a previously failed experiment and made it so the project cards on the homepage tilt when the mouse hovers over it. 

13/3/2026
After experimenting with different logo fonts, I exported a png with a transparent background that I thought looked good. After which I told the LLM to make it so that the logo is big on the body of the page, and shrinks to the header once you scroll down. It generated it so that it snaps in a satisfying way that I was happy with. I then added a subtitle beneath the big logo on the main page, originally i justified it so that it stretched the length of the logo, however it didnt look very good so I changed it so that it was centered in the middle of the screen. After which I sent https://wodniack.dev/ to the LLM and asked it to implement a way of distorting the logo to react to the placement of the mouse along with add a chromatic abbaration effect. originally it was mirrored upside down and had a black box around the logo, once fixing that the effect was mirrored on the y axis, then after fixing that I made it so that the logo reverted to its original state when the mouse isnt hovering over the logo.

18/3/2026
I added a delay on the logo effect on the top of my website, now it has a bit more momentum which makes the effect more intriguing. I also fixed the website layout so that there is no more rubber banding when scrolling to the top or bottom of the page. I also wanted to change the layout of the home page to be a bit more interesting by making project cards appear in a spinning cycle instead. However by doing so the LLM got confused and started generating pages that was completely different than what I asked for. So as of right now the tilting effect is no longer working on the home page. Hopefully I can get it to work again tomorrow. 

22/3/2026
I made the whole website a big scroll on the index.html. This is because my original homepage didn't have enough on it for the logo banner to snap downwards anymore. I started using claude for the first time and it fixed all of the problems that copilot generated for itself. And fixed the wobble that orignally broke the website on the carousel at the home page. I also experimented on different logos again because I got tired of looking at the one I made, however as it stands right now I will keep it as it is because its the most readable one I have managed to create. Finally I have changed the layout of the artworks aspect of the website so that the thumbnails are smaller and by clicking on it it creates an overlay that has a larger preview of the piece with the title and some information on the piece. The next things on the list are some more stylistic things and plugging in my actual work to the website. 

24/3/2026
Today is hand in day, while using Claude I fixed the jittery scrolling that was caused by a previous version of the home page. I added a little preview of the artworks section of my page. While I wanted to do the same for the rest of the project cards on the website, I ran out of free tokens from Claude. Given the enlarged size of the index page, I ran out of tokens after 3 messages. I tried switching back to Copilot which only generated broken and "corrupt" code. Therefore I decided to wait for claude's free tokens to regenerate and while I waited I would fill in the placeholder text and images that I had left to do once the website was finished. Finally after Claude's tokens regenerated I tried implementing the changes once again, however this time after only 2 messages the tokens ran out. This isn't a problem that I had encountered until today, and I learned that if the code is really long, it consumes a lot of tokens really quickly, and regenerating them the same way I had for the duration of this project does not work in the same way. I tried Gemini for one last ditch attempt but it did not work either. Therefore I linked every card to open my template page that I originally created when the website was built on seperate pages so that the concept of the website at least works if not for the lack of actual projects listed. the last two things that I wanted to add to the website was adding the pop up previews for each project and fixing the layout when viewing on phones to be cleaner. Which is what I would've done. I also had ideas to experiment with titles for each segment of the website which I ultimately had to scrap as the LLM was not useful. 
